## Minutes of Alchemist Council meeting on Aug 10, 2022

Attendees: **Asathoro, Joeh, Ri, Santa, Renars**

Duration of meeting: **1.5 - 2hrs**

***

* This was the first meeting of the newly elected council.
* One of the first topics discussed was improving the transparency of the council, hence we have decided to share high level meeting minutes with the community going forward.
* The council will be meeting on a weekly basis and conduct ad-hoc meetings as needed.
* Prior to the first meeting, council members worked together to come up with a list of topics that needed to be discussed/addressed by the council and rated them collectively based on priorities.
* Below are the four topics with higher priorities that were discussed during the meeting and individual council members are taking the lead to look deeper into each matter and will subsequently come up with recommendations for the council to vote on: 
    1. * Reviewing the Alchemist incubation framework including but not limited to IP ownership and legal structure.
    1. * Reviewing the accounting and financials within the Alchemist ecosystem including but not limited to stipends for existing team members, incentives for existing/newly incubated projects, as well as treasury management.
    1. * Reviewing the expectation, responsibilities and power of the Council and its members.
    1. * New tokenomics: snapshot vote, planning and execution.
* There are a lot more on the list which the council will discuss and act upon in the subsequent meetings, including how to further improve the communication between the council and community.
* The council would like to say thank you once again to the community for their continuous support and participation in the election process.
