## Alchemist Council 6th Meeting Minutes

Meeting Date: **Sept 2nd, 2022**

Attendees: **Asathoro, Ri, Santa, Renars**

Duration: **1.25hrs**

***

* Prior to this meeting the Council had:
	* Announced Joeh's departure from Alchemist
	* Announced the terms of the agreement made between Alchemist and Copper.
	
* During this meeting the Council discussed:
	* New plan for how meeting minutes will be taken to increase the amount of notes that are taken during these meetings and to increase transparency with the community.
	* Possible project incentives to encourage faster time-to-market.
	* Project specific incubation agreement.
	* Project specific budget.
	* Looking to bring in a FE dev to help finish the mvp of the project.
	* Possibility to create a multisig that is controlled by Council.
	* Plan to discuss community members proposal to the Council.
	* How to handle inflation now and what steps need to be taken to implement the new tokenomics.
	* Lost a designer for artist branding.
	* Governance questions to be discussed during the external meeting next Tuesday.
	* Governance structure discussions.
	* Background checks for Council members.
